[Music]
a beauty dived into the bottom of the
pool
it turned out that her ring got stuck on
the iron plate but she couldn't get it
out
the sister on the shore also jumped down
when she saw it
miss fortune never come singly when my
sister was pulling the ring
the sewer water rolled her hair in the
two dragged desperately under the water
but they don't know the administrator
sees no one in the swimming pool
press the switch of the swimming pool
cover the swimming pool cover slowly
closed
when they successfully surfaced it's too
late
they called for help immediately but the
administrator has left after get off
work
i can't hear them calling for help so
from now on
they will be trapped in this pool no one
will come until next week
my sister broke down immediately she
banged the lid frantically
fortunately my sister's persuasion she
calmed down quickly
sister encourages her to say we can save
ourselves
then swim to the diving area trying to
push open the glass cover but the glass
cover is too strong
they can't push so they had to swim to
the edge of the pool
find a way to escape soon my sister
found a small hole
but this hole is too small can't even
reach out
i want to break it hard but i can't do
it sister gave up
at this time my sister found a plastic
board she polished against the hole
hope to make the hole bigger but my
sister taunted him on the sidelines it's
useless
i can only wait for your fiance to save
us it didn't take long for my sister's
mentality to collapse
he blamed all the mistakes on his sister
it's all because of helping
sister pick up the engagement ring they
will be trapped here
blame my sister for being tired for love
my sister gets more and more angry
sister thinks she doesn't want to
quarrel with him inexplicably
angrily left her and swam under the pool
finally took out the stuck diamond ring
at this time she thought of using the
lid of the sewer come to smash the glass
but she couldn't pull the lid with all
her strength so i went to my sister for
help
she believed her sister could do it but
her sister refused
blame my sister for searching for ideas
sister is angry
this doesn't work either that's not okay
then everyone don't go out
she no longer counts on her sister
suddenly the phone in the stands rang
the emperor's sister's fiance called
my sister began to pin her hopes on her
boyfriend i hope he can detect something
wrong and save himself
but this time i waited from the
afternoon to the evening the lights in
the swimming pool are also turned off
regularly
and the phone keeps ringing but he
hasn't waited for anyone to come
the sister started quarreling again my
sister suddenly found her holding her
head
looks very uncomfortable she finally
closed her mouth
my sister told her that she had diabetes
three years ago
she won't tell her sister i don't want
my sister to worry about herself
but now my sister can't take care of so
much she urgently needs insulin
injections
otherwise it won't last too long looking
at my uncomfortable sister sister
finally panicked
she no longer fights her sister
everywhere take the initiative to pick
up the plastic board and polish the hole
she must take her out just then the pool
came
this is the cleaner of the swimming pool
it happened that the phone rang at this
moment
she was so happy after seeing the phone
and bag then the sisters cried for help
startled the cleaner who was stealing
when she learned that the sisters were
trapped in the pool
the cleaner felt bad intentions she took
the wallet
but there is only one banked out inside
so i took away my mobile phone and bank
card
see a camera on the wall ran to the
control room again and turned off all
monitoring
come to the pool ask them the password
of their phone
my sister thought she was going to
unlock the alarm so she said the
password
cleaner untie the phone but began to
turn over the photo to spit out my
sister's appearance
also release the phone message of sister
and boyfriend finally the cleaner
blackmailed my sister to give me the
bank card password
i'll let you out sister is mad swearing
at the cleaners and resolutely refused
the cleaner sees them so stubborn
so i turn off the hot water circulation
in the swimming pool forcing them to
hand over the coat
the low temperature in the middle of the
night makes the pool water cold
the sisters soon shivered with cold the
cleaner continues to threaten to give
out the password without freezing to
death
sister had to compromise spoke the
password
the cleaner left satisfactorily as the
water temperature gets lower and lower
sister can't hold it anymore the cleaner
came back when my sister was desperate
because my sister's card is only 80 yuan
but she wants more money
if they want to come out they must show
their sincerity
looking at the elder sister and sister
who are at stake they are extremely
worried
she whispered to the cleaner tell her
sister has diabetes
urgent need for insulin injections hope
to arouse the sympathy of cleaners
but the cleaner doesn't believe it and
ignored them both
let them think clearly in the water
sister looking at the plastic board in
her hand
i want to teach the arrogant cleaner so
she sharpen the plastic board
pretend to tell the cleaner secretly
when the cleaner puts his ear on the lid
hole
my sister took a pointed plastic board
and stabbed it up
cleaner looking at the injured ear she
was completely irritated
she turned on the cleaning system in the
water the sisters have been trapped for
seven hours
already exhausted they can't resist the
huge shed at all
the cleaner looked at the palm of the
wind belt very proudly
the oxygen in the swimming pool is
getting thinner soon's sister passed out
sister hugs her sister to the entrance
of the cave so that she can breathe the
air
now my sister's spirit is gone she wants
to protect her
my sister keeps begging for mercy the
cleaners turn off the system only after
seeing death
take the opportunity to continue
blackmailing sister can't resist anymore
very reluctant to hand over the ring
come back to the office
the cleaner looked at the ring
contentedly at this moment
the phone rang it's from my sister's
fiance
if you can't get in touch you will call
the police the cleaner is finally scared
now everything that can be blackmailed
is here she decided to stop
let the sisters out the cleaner came to
the office to enter the password
but the password is wrong she tried
again and it was still wrong
the cleaner panicked can't open the
cover right now
have to wait until the swimming pool
opens in two days the sisters must die
at that time
but if you call the police now i will go
to jail again
the cleaners decided to leave them
behind and run away she must not go to
jail again
the cleaner is gone the sisters are
desperate and sister's body has reached
its limit
she fainted while lying on the buoy
sister hugged her to the pool
sister trembling all over sister knows
that she will die if she doesn't inject
insulin
the only one that can break the lid now
it's the iron lid under the water
my sister swims to the bottom of the
pool and pulls the lid hard
but failed the first time still fail the
second time
turn back to the surface for ventilation
looking at my dying sister
vowed to succeed this time she found a
pair of swimming trunks
use your swimming trunks as your hands
to lift up with all your strength
after trying several times when the
power is about to run out
finally succeeded when my sister dragged
the lid to her sister excitedly
but i saw my sister had fallen head down
in the water no
breath my sister was so scared that she
broke down and cried
keep giving artificial respiration to my
sister fortunately
sister reacted she immediately turned
around and picked up the lid and beat it
to air dry
a crack appeared seeing hope my sister
is getting stronger and stronger
more and more cracks finally the rain
and the wind broke
when she dragged her sister out of the
pool her arm was scratched by the cover
all blood but she can't care about the
pain in her arm sister has lost her
breath again
my sister hurriedly pulled out the
insulin and gave her an injection
sister finally woke up by this time the
cleaner came back with a gun
she had a hunch that the sisters would
escape then they will call the police to
catch that they plan to change after
closing
my sister begged the cleaner to let them
go but the cleaner wouldn't listen
still approaching slowly my sister
guarded her sister tightly crying and
assured the cleaner
they will never expose him the cleaner
finally put down the pistol
actually she was just too scared dare
not kill at all
she returned the ring to her sister
sister keeps her promise
let the cleaner go when sister wakes up
they have been rescued blood is thicker
than water support them through the
crisis
the sisters finally open their hearts